Document threadKey requirement for in-app assistant (#5409)
mintlify/docs: guides/assistant-embed.mdx

})}
```

### Track conversation threads

Store thread IDs and thread keys to maintain conversation history across sessions.

> When a new thread is created, the server returns two values in the response headers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user creates a new conversation thread, the server returns two values in the response headers:
```

- `X-Thread-Id` — the thread identifier

> - `X-Thread-Key` — a secret key for the thread (only returned once, when the thread is created)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `X-Thread-Id`: The thread identifier
- `X-Thread-Key`: A secret key for the thread (only returned once, when the thread is created)
```

You must capture and persist both values on the first response. On every subsequent message, include both `threadId` and `threadKey` in the request body. If you send a `threadId` without the corresponding `threadKey`, the server returns a `404` error.

<Warning>

>   The `X-Thread-Key` header is only returned when a new thread is created. You must store it immediately — it cannot be retrieved again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You must store the `X-Thread-Key` header immediately. The server only returns it when a new thread is created. You cannot  retrieve it later.
```
